sighs Bob what the hell are we doing it
why all right this is our first
competition in science I think I'm alive
so we talked about how friction helps of
football it also helps us walk and ride
and send rockets into the air and so we
are going to do a friction race we're
gonna experience a world without
friction so we're gonna lower the
coefficient of friction in three ways
one we have got banana peels here they
are classically known for rice Leslie
yes and then we've got awesome old oiled
spaghetti here okay that will break down
and create a possibly slippery surface
uh-huh and then I mixed up my very own
batch of a polymer goo oh so what you're
gonna do cannot eat that right don't eat
that okay we're gonna have a race you're
gonna race down as fast as you can it's
just like being on Mexican television
yeah exactly yeah there what a great
deal you have yeah it's a great dish it
bells at either end your Mitchell B to
go down there be the first one to ring
the bell turn around come back whoever
rings that Bell is the winner are you
ready to experience we're ready with
little friction
we're stuck in the hill
Bearville
you
special effects pick back a bus boat
assigns bob.com to see nothing like
thank you science bob i am jimmy kimmel
wanna see more will subscribe to our
youtube channel by clicking here it's
just like subscribing to a magazine but
without those annoying cards that fall
out of them